Title               : The Economist [Feb 3rd 2024]
Author(s)           : calibre [calibre]
Publisher           : calibre
Book Producer       : calibre (7.4.0) [https://calibre-ebook.com]
Languages           : eng
Published           : 2024-02-03T00:00:00+00:00
Comments            : Articles in this issue:

Politics

Business

KAL’s cartoon

This week’s covers

How to end the Middle East’s agony

The end of the social network

Egypt doesn’t deserve a bail-out, but should get one

The evidence in favour of charter schools in America has strengthened

How to fix British defence

Letters to the editor

As Facebook turns 20, politics is out; impersonal video feeds are in

Charter schools do things that all Democrats say they support

How Nevada’s Republicans made their primary irrelevant

A leaked recording shakes up the Republican Party in Arizona

Dunkin’ faces a moo-ving class-action suit from the lactose intolerant

Donald Trump is ordered to pay for his bullying

Why not impeach everyone?

How to overcome the biggest obstacle to electric vehicles

Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela’s dictator, thumbs his nose at Joe Biden

Did spies from China, India and Russia meddle in Canada’s elections?

Can Lula fix Brazil’s fiscal mess?

Japan’s ruling party is in crisis

TikTok is a key battleground in Indonesia’s election

The Hindu right’s pro-cow policies are terrible for India’s cows

India’s opposition bloc disintegrates

Asia’s commercial heft helps keep Russia’s war economy going

Imran Khan is convicted. Pakistan’s generals are content

Is China a winner from the Red Sea attacks?

Hong Kong gets a second draconian security law

Watching “The Shawshank Redemption” on stage in China

Hard times for China’s micro-industrialists

America’s shuttle diplomacy to wind down the war in Gaza

The war in Gaza is exacerbating Egypt’s economic collapse

Did UN workers participate in the October 7th attacks?

Northern Ethiopia is again sliding into starvation

Three countries hit by coups are leaving west Africa’s main bloc

The feud between Ukraine’s president and army chief boils over

Meet Boris Nadezhdin, Vladimir Putin’s brave challenger

Meet the Knights of Malta

Sweden clears a Turkish hurdle to NATO accession

Russia is losing the battle for the Black Sea

Europe’s grumpy farmers are a symptom of wider malaise

Britain’s armed forces are stretched perilously thin

Labour wants to make Brexit work better. What does the EU think?

Northern Ireland gets its government back

The pharmacist will see you now

EV sales in Britain are disappointing expectations

The search for Conservative Party unity

War in space is no longer science fiction

Users of the internet need not think about its physical underpinnings

Advances in physical storage and retrieval made the cloud possible

The internet got better and faster by moving data closer to users

Data centres improved greatly in energy efficiency as they grew massively larger

The physical borders of the digital world

Satellites offer an important alternative to the wired internet

The internet is integrated into virtually every aspect of life

Sources and acknowledgments

Apple’s Vision Pro headset ushers in a new era of personal technology

Could AMD break Nvidia’s chokehold on chips?

Many family firms lack heirs. Unrelated help is at hand

Rolls-Royce goes electric—in style

Joe Biden’s limits on LNG exports won’t help the climate

Jürgen Klopp and the importance of energy

How much should TikTok fear a resurgent Donald Trump?

What four more years of Joe Biden would mean for America’s economy

Bitcoin ETFs are off to a bad start. Will things improve?

China’s leaders are flailing as markets drop

Evergrande’s liquidation is a new low in China’s property crisis

Your pay is still going up too fast

Biden’s chances of re-election are better than they appear

Why prosthetic limbs need not look like real ones

Alzheimer’s disease may, rarely, be transmitted by medical treatment

AI could accelerate scientific fraud as well as progress

Why some whales can smell in stereo

Authors are collaborating with AI—and each other

A row over the Hong Kong Heritage Museum is a window on China

The violence of “Power Slap” is part of its allure

The Sotheby’s trial revealed the art market’s unsavoury practices

Martha Graham’s life tracked the jumps and dips of modern dance

A new “Mr & Mrs Smith” is about more than action, money and sex

What are (some of) the best comic novels?

Economic data, commodities and markets

Did an Israeli hospital raid breach the laws of war?

What on earth is happening in Poland?

Peter Schickele and P.D.Q. Bach were sides of the same coin

Global news and current affairs from a European perspective. Best downloaded on Friday mornings (GMT)
