Title               : The Economist [Feb 24th 2024]
Author(s)           : calibre [calibre]
Publisher           : calibre
Book Producer       : calibre (7.5.1) [https://calibre-ebook.com]
Languages           : eng
Published           : 2024-02-24T00:00:00+00:00
Comments            : Articles in this issue:

Politics

Business

KAL’s cartoon

Is Europe ready to defend itself?

Do not expect America’s interest rates to fall just yet

Sanctions are not the way to fight Vladimir Putin

The world needs more critical minerals. Governments are not helping

How to prevent another catastrophic regional war in Congo

Letters to the editor

Oman’s foreign minister calls for an emergency peace conference

Don’t give AI free access to work denied to humans, argues a legal scholar

Can Europe defend itself without America?

Why those who wish to see Trump jailed soon will be disappointed

How might Donald Trump’s trials sway voters?

Does the American army’s future lie in Europe or Asia?

These American cities are obsessed with dogs

The flaws that China’s chief ideologue found in America

What Javier Milei could learn from Peru’s economic successes

Jovenel Moïse’s widow is accused of being party to his murder

India’s civil society is under attack

How wild horses sparked a culture war in Australia

Japanese men have an identity crisis

Thaksin Shinawatra joins Thailand’s establishment

How independent is India’s Supreme Court?

How scared is China of Donald Trump’s return?

Why fake research is rampant in China

A nationalist effort to rebrand the Chinese dragon

Xi Jinping plays social engineer

Congo’s M23 rebellion risks sparking a regional war

The booze industry reveals a lot about Kenya

Senegal’s judges stand up for the constitution

Ultra-Orthodox Israelis’ refusal to fight is a growing problem for Netanyahu

The wrecking of Gaza’s health system goes beyond its hospitals

Bar culture has arrived in Saudi Arabia, albeit without the booze

Vladimir Putin has been fighting not just Ukraine, but his own people

After two years of war, Ukrainians are becoming pessimistic

Towns in eastern Ukraine fear they will be Russia’s next target

How Boris Pistorius is transforming the German armed forces

Europe’s generosity towards Ukrainian refugees is not so welcome…in Ukraine

Can run-down Blackpool turn itself around?

A memo to Britain’s chancellor, Jeremy Hunt

Some British universities have become remarkably racially diverse

A northern mayor’s left-wing challenge to Labour

How working from home is reshaping Canary Wharf

Sir Keir Starmer: bureaucrat first, politician second

Russian spies are back—and more dangerous than ever

A day in the life of a Russian political prisoner

Why the world’s mining companies are so stingy

The world’s biggest maker of spectacles wants to be a tech firm

Why does landlocked Eswatini have a ship registry?

The making of a PowerPoint slide

The age of the unicorn is over

TSMC is having more luck building in Japan than in America

Is running a top university America’s hardest job?

Russia outsmarts Western sanctions—and China is paying attention

Europe faces a painful adjustment to higher defence spending

Should you put all your savings into stocks?

As the Nikkei 225 hits record highs, Japan’s young start investing

Gucci, Prada and Tiffany’s bet big on property

Trump wants to whack Chinese firms. How badly could he hurt them?

Long covid is not the only chronic condition triggered by infection

New treatments are emerging for type-1 diabetes

Radio telescopes could spot asteroids with unprecedented detail

The challenges of steering a hypersonic plane

How Ukraine’s fortunes have ebbed

The history of the opium trade helps explain the modern world

Podcasts got their name 20 years ago this month

Is everything you assumed about the Middle Ages wrong?

Growing numbers of Chinese are escaping urban life for rural peace

Refik Anadol’s use of AI has made him the artist of the moment

Economic data, commodities and markets

Alexei Navalny didn’t just defy Putin—he showed up his depravity

Global news and current affairs from a European perspective. Best downloaded on Friday mornings (GMT)
