Title               : The Economist [Mar 9th 2024]
Author(s)           : calibre [calibre]
Publisher           : calibre
Book Producer       : calibre (7.6.0) [https://calibre-ebook.com]
Languages           : eng
Published           : 2024-03-09T00:00:00+00:00
Comments            : Articles in this issue:

Politics

Business

KAL’s cartoon

This week’s cover

Three big risks that might tip America’s presidential election

Xi Jinping’s hunger for power is hurting China’s economy

Britain’s budget cuts taxes on the promise of productivity gains

How to fix the Ivy League

A frenzy of innovation in obesity drugs is under way

Letters to the editor

Three presidents on how to make global finance work better for Africa

A former adviser on the 250 words Jeremy Hunt should read out at the budget

Third-party candidates could be decisive in America’s election

Super Trump and his mighty MAGA machine

Donald Trump wasn’t MAGA’s only winner on Super Tuesday

Can Joe Biden bring order to the southern border without Congress?

Is New York rethinking its sanctuary-city status?

A private company will send your ashes to the moon

Leaked discussions reveal uncertainty about transgender care

Has Ron DeSantis gone too far in Florida?

The last scraps of the Haitian state are evaporating

Corruption is surging across Latin America

North Korea is arming Russia and threatening war with South Korea

Why are so many Indians piling into stocks?

What the war in Ukraine means for Asia

Indian food is great. Perhaps too great

China’s parliament is being used to highlight Xi Jinping’s power

China’s satellites are improving rapidly. Its army will benefit

Why China’s confidence crisis goes unfixed

Joe Biden is exasperated by Israel but will not stop its war

Ramadan could see respite for Gaza, or widening violence

A lost opportunity to reform Tanzania

Nigeria’s currency crisis is decades in the making

Why Africa is crypto’s next frontier

Europe’s new-look winter: floods, high sea levels and melting glaciers

Ukraine’s animals are also victims of the war

Why France has made abortion a constitutional right

The damage done by Russia’s hack of Germany’s defence ministry

Moving weapons around Europe fast is crucial for deterring Russia

Fifty shades of brown: how splits in Europe’s hard right sap its power

The British budget mixes sensible tinkering and fiscal fantasy

Vodafone tries to slim its way back to health

Rishi Sunak’s crackdown on protests is misguided

The holes in British plans to ban cigarettes and disposable vapes

Why on earth would anyone become a British MP?

What the softening of the Sun says about Britain

America’s elite universities are bloated, complacent and illiberal

The battle over the trillion-dollar weight-loss bonanza

Brain-boosting substances are all the rage

More women are getting onto corporate boards. Good

OpenAI’s legal battles are not putting off customers—yet

Can Bayer recover from its chronic pain?

How can firms pass on tacit knowledge?

Apple is right not to rush headlong into generative AI

Can Israel afford to wage war?

Bitcoin’s price is surging. What happens next?

Globalisation may not have increased income inequality, after all

America’s rental-market mystery

The world is in the midst of a city-building boom

How investors get risk wrong

An economist’s guide to the luxury-handbag market

Physicists are reimagining dark matter

Scientists can help fetuses by growing tiny replicas of their organs

A new technique to work out a corpse’s time of death

Graphene, a wondrous material, starts to prove useful

Whoever gets the Best Picture Oscar, international films are winning

Infatuation, kids, adultery: marriage is the theme of the Oscars

The history of the West is not quite what you learned in school

Museums have a hoarding problem

Stories about the Dongbei rust belt are resonant in China

Gabriel García Márquez’s novella was published against his wishes

The best British political diaries

Economic data, commodities and markets

What is Hindutva, the ideology of India’s ruling party?

Does generative artificial intelligence infringe copyright?

Iris Apfel became a fashion icon in her ninth decade

Global news and current affairs from a European perspective. Best downloaded on Friday mornings (GMT)
