Title               : The Economist [Feb 10th 2024]
Author(s)           : calibre [calibre]
Publisher           : calibre
Book Producer       : calibre (7.5.1) [https://calibre-ebook.com]
Languages           : eng
Published           : 2024-02-10T00:00:00+00:00
Comments            : Articles in this issue:

Politics

Business

KAL’s cartoon

This week’s covers

Killer drones pioneered in Ukraine are the weapons of the future

Has Xi Jinping lost control of the markets?

House Republicans are helping Vladimir Putin

Donald Tusk tries to restore Poland’s rule of law

What Jokowi’s inglorious exit means for Indonesia

Letters to the editor

A presidential candidate sees daunting challenges at home and abroad

An AI-risk expert thinks governments should act to combat disinformation

Kyriakos Mitsotakis on how to escape the grip of populism

China’s well-to-do are under assault from every side

Trump’s lead over Biden may be smaller than it looks

What the death of America’s border bill says about toxic congressional politics

A court rejects Donald Trump’s claim to absolute immunity

Congress might just pass an astonishingly sensible tax deal

Florida too may have an abortion referendum in November

State attorneys-general are shaping national policy

This is not a story about Taylor Swift and the Super Bowl

After Nayib Bukele’s crushing, unconstitutional victory, what next?

Mexico’s president and his family are fighting claims of corruption

Andrés Manuel López Obrador splashes out as elections loom

A controversial general looks likely to be Indonesia’s next leader

South Korea’s writers and directors play Squid Game

Izumi Kenta wants to shake up Japan’s opposition

Australia’s enthusiasm for immigration is being tested

Are India’s corruption police targeting Narendra Modi’s critics?

Singapore cracks down on Chinese influence

Can China’s consumers save its economy?

Protests are soaring, as China’s workers demand their wages

An espionage case hurts Chinese relations with Australia

Xi Jinping’s chaos-loving friends

Israel scorns America’s unprecedented peace plan

Why Iran is hard to intimidate

America is trying to peg Israel’s settlers back

How to house the world’s fastest-growing population

Democracy is under attack in Senegal

A mounting crisis of confidence confronts Olaf Scholz

Madrid is booming. Growing while keeping its cool will be the tricky part

Vladimir Putin extends his crackdown in Russia

Poland is trying to restore the rule of law without violating it

Europe is importing a solar boom. Good news for (nearly) everyone

How Britain lost its war on drugs

What Charles III’s illness says about monarchs and mortality

Britain’s economy will need rate cuts sooner rather than later

A tiny right-wing party tries to menace Britain’s Conservatives

The controversy over Britain’s planned Holocaust memorial

Iran is targeting its opponents in Britain

The former prime minister who fascinates the Labour Party

America’s economy is booming. So why are bosses worried?

Samsung’s boss avoids prison, again

Media companies club together for a joint sport-streamer

Can Giorgia Meloni reinvigorate Italia SpA?

Fairness: the hidden currency of the workplace

Vladimir Putin wants to catch up with the West in AI

Musk v Zuckerberg: who’s winning?

China’s stockmarket nightmare is nowhere near over

The dividend is back. Are investors right to be pleased?

Are NYCB’s troubles the start of another banking panic?

Bankers have reason to hope Trump triumphs

The false promise of Indonesia’s economy

Universities are failing to boost economic growth

How cheap drones are transforming warfare in Ukraine

NASA’s PACE satellite will tackle the largest uncertainty in climate science

The first endometriosis drug in four decades is on the horizon

Ancient, damaged Roman scrolls have been deciphered using AI

Scientists have trained an AI through the eyes of a baby

When is it too soon to write history?

Small, but mighty: how cuteness has taken over the world

Lessons for Keir Starmer from Britain’s first Labour government

Chinese animated films are booming

The meaning of the hysteria over Taylor Swift

What to read about Pakistan

Economic data, commodities and markets

Rosemary Smith set out to prove that women drivers could do as well as men

Global news and current affairs from a European perspective. Best downloaded on Friday mornings (GMT)
