Title               : The Economist [Mar 2nd 2024]
Author(s)           : calibre [calibre]
Publisher           : calibre
Book Producer       : calibre (7.5.1) [https://calibre-ebook.com]
Languages           : eng
Published           : 2024-03-02T00:00:00+00:00
Comments            : Articles in this issue:

Politics

Business

KAL’s cartoon

This week’s covers

How to build a British voter

Stocks are booming. But their golden age is drawing to a close

Fentanyl cannot be defeated without new tactics

The perils of a Le Pen presidency

How to put Russia’s frozen assets to work for Ukraine

India’s north-south divide

Letters to the editor

A former political prisoner on how the West should honour Alexei Navalny’s legacy

Ashoka Mody argues that India is stunted by a lack of moral leadership

America’s ten-year-old fentanyl epidemic is still getting worse

IVF is a slam-dunk issue for Democrats. Abortion may not be

The economics of skiing in America

Does Joe Biden’s re-election campaign have a Gaza problem?

Is Google’s Gemini chatbot woke by accident, or design?

A millennial is building America’s first nickel-cobalt refinery

Vladimir Putin hardly needs to interfere in American democracy

Lula’s gaffes are dulling Brazil’s G20 shine

The former president of Honduras is tried for drug trafficking

Javier Milei wants to attract foreign money into ailing clubs

Inside Narendra Modi’s battle to win over the south

Massive farmers’ protests are a headache for Narendra Modi

What will Prabowo Subianto’s foreign policy look like?

Living outside China has become more like living inside China

China tells bankers to be more patriotic

Africa’s tiger economy is shot

The Palestinians’ new prime minister faces a nightmare

As Iran scares the Middle East, at home its regime rots

How Marine Le Pen is preparing for power

France and Germany are at loggerheads over military aid to Ukraine

Europe hopes barbed wire will keep migrants out. It won’t

Azerbaijan is racing to rebuild in recaptured Nagorno-Karabakh

Kharkiv is struggling under Russian rocket attacks

Is Europe’s stubby skyline a sign of low ambition?

A changing British electorate is propelling Labour toward victory

English football’s financial fracas

The institution that taught Margaret Thatcher about politics

More than half of Britain’s ponds have disappeared

Speaker Hoyle and the strange politics of human resources

Africa is juggling rival powers like no other continent

How businesses are actually using generative AI

Meet the French startup hoping to take on OpenAI

Western multinationals’ Russian dilemmas

Why you should lose your temper at work

Can whisky conquer Chinese palates?

Car shows in the West are in terminal decline

How Argentine businessmen size up Javier Milei

Stockmarkets are booming. But the good times are unlikely to last

Are passive funds to blame for market mania?

Activist investing is no longer the preserve of hedge-fund sharks

How Trump and Biden have failed to cut ties with China

Uranium prices are soaring. Investors should be careful

What do you do with 191bn frozen euros owned by Russia?

AI models make stuff up. How can hallucinations be controlled?

Scientists want to tackle multiple sclerosis by treating the kissing virus

A variety of new batteries are coming to power EVs

Why recorded music will never feel as good as the real thing

Britain’s arts still dazzle the world

“The Picture of Dorian Gray” points to the future of theatre

Why did a once-revered painter, Frans Hals, fall out of favour?

“Palestine”, an old graphic novel, is making a comeback

Can a dozen shipwrecks tell the history of the world?

Cinemas may be dying. But IMAX and the high end are thriving

Economic data, commodities and markets

Robert Badinter persuaded France to abolish the guillotine

Global news and current affairs from a European perspective. Best downloaded on Friday mornings (GMT)
